Environment variables, readme and code improvements (#6)
browserstack/automate-python-samples: README.md

# automate-python-samples

Documentation for writing Automate test scripts in Python.

## Environment variables

> To test varios sample repositories with ease,  it is recommended to setup `BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME` and `BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables. If you don't wish you can directly edit the samples and add add credentials in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test varios sample repositories with ease,  it is recommended to setup `BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME` and `BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables. Alternatively you can directly update the samples with the credentials or pass the appropriate command line parameters.
```

Author: could you also correct `varios`?
